hello i'm richard within great Mondragon
comm I'm a big fan of the Mazda Miata
and one of the things I like about the
Miata is how it lends itself to
customization
and a good way to enhance the appearance
of the Miata is with racing stripes
now most sources offer either six inch
or 8 inch stripes
and most do-it-yourself strike kids use
3m wet application vinyl or calendered
vinyl and the stripes are applied one at
a time requiring measuring to Center it
and spacing so forth so how are
engraving dragon comm strikes better
first our stripes are made using premium
high performance
cast vinyl film
this is the same material that they use
for wrapping vehicles because the way
cast vinyls made it can be both thin and
versatile allowing application on
surface surfaces that are curved in
complex
the material also allows for a flawless
application because the way the adhesive
is applied at the factory which allows
air bubbles to be removed quickly and
easily cast final can also be applied
dry so no wet soapy mess like with the
others here's the best part
engraving dragon comm stripes are
applied all at the same time in one step
strike width and spacing make for the
most attractive setup
our strike kit comes with two stripes
and two pinstripes
and we also include a step-by-step
installation video and an application
squeegee so let's review Engraving
dragon comm stripes use better materials
are easier and faster to install
includes enough material for hard tops
and wings plus an installation video and
application squeegee and it's only
available and engraving dragon comm
you